Copyright (c) 2017 CA API Management

Microservices Gateway Pre-Release Agreement

CA, Inc., 520 Madison Ave., New York, NY US 10022, Tel: 800 225 5224 ("CA")

**THIS MICROSERVICES GATEWAY PRE-RELEASE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") GOVERNS
LICENSEE'S USE AND EVALUATION OF CA MICROSERVICES GATEWAY BETA (THE "PRODUCT").
BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE PRODUCT OR OTHERWISE ACCEPTING THIS
AGREEMENT, LICENSEE AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY
ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF LICENSEE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT
YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO DO SO. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE AUTHORITY OR IF YOU DO NOT
ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS  AGREEMENT YOU MUST NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE
CA PRODUCT. IF LICENSEE HAS A WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH CA GOVERNING ITS
EVALUATION OF THE CA PRODUCT ("EXISTING AGREEMENT"), THE TERMS OF THE EXISTING
AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND SUPERCEDE THIS AGREEMENT.**

Definitions. "Licensee" means you and any entity on whose behalf you are
entering into this agreement.  "Customer Data" means information submitted by
or entered by Licensee or automatically uploaded from Licensee for processing
and storage by any Product provided to Licensee under this Agreement. "Product"
means the CA Microservices Gateway Beta product that is being made available to
Licensee. "Quantity/Use Limit" means the quantity and usage limitation
information specified herein.  "Product Availability Period" means the period
during which the Product is licensed or made available for access, and as may
be extended by CA.  The Product Availability Period shall be three (3) months
unless otherwise stated in writing directed to Licensee.

CA hereby grants Licensee a license to use the Product(s) during the Product
Availability Period together with any hardware supplied by CA (if any) for
evaluation purposes only at the Licensee's address (or an end user address) in
accordance with the authorized Quantity/Use Limit. Products may not be used in
a live production environment or used for development or any other commercial
purposes. This Agreement shall not be construed as a grant by CA of any other
license or rights relating to the Product(s) and is not intended to replace any
standard CA license agreement for production use. Title and ownership to the
Products will at all times remain with CA and Licensee acknowledges that each
Product constitutes confidential and proprietary property of CA.  CA shall have
a royalty free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual license to use and
incorporate into the Product(s) any suggestions, enhancement requests, or other
feedback provided by Licensee relating to the Product(s) without restriction.

CA reserves the right to terminate Licensee's access to or use of the
Product(s) at any time and for any reason, and Licensee agrees to promptly
return, destroy, and discontinue use of the Product(s) and all related
materials as instructed by CA. Where hardware was supplied by CA with the
Products, the Licensee shall return the hardware to CA, or CA's designated
supplier.

Licensee shall keep strictly confidential all materials and information
provided by CA. Licensee may not copy or disclose any CA intellectual property
to any third party or use the same for any purpose other than the evaluation of
the Product(s). Licensee shall not (a) modify, reverse compile, reverse
engineer, reverse assemble, benchmark or perform competitive analysis on all or
any portion of the Products except solely to the extent permitted under
applicable law without the possibility of contractual waiver, (b) distribute,
disclose, market, rent, lease, assign, sublicense or transfer the Products to
third parties, or (c) transfer the Products to a different computer, location
or site without the prior written consent of CA.  Licensee acknowledges that
the Product is subject to control under U.S. law, including the Export
Administration Regulations (15 CFR 730-774) and agrees to comply with all
applicable import and export laws and regulations and further agrees that the
Product will not be exported, re-exported or transferred in violation of U.S.
law or used for any purpose connected with chemical, biological or nuclear
weapons or missile applications. This Agreement may not be assigned or
transferred to any third party either directly or by operation of law without
CA's prior written consent.

For any Product(s) provided to Licensee under this Agreement (either in a SaaS
or on-premise environment), Licensee agrees not to provide any personal data or
information, including but not limited to any health, payment card or other
sensitive personal information that imposes specific data security obligations
for the processing of such data, unless it is a supported feature in CA's
documentation for the Product(s). If Licensee provides or shares any personal
data to or with CA as in connection with the Product(s), then Licensee
represents that (i) it is duly authorized to provide personal data to CA and it
does so lawfully in compliance with relevant legislation, (ii) CA and any
entity within the CA group of companies or its subcontractors can use such data
for the purposes of performing its obligations, and (iii) CA may disclose such
data to any CA entity and its subcontractors for this purpose and may transfer
such data to countries outside of the country of origin, which may include
countries that are not deemed adequate under applicable data protection laws.
For more information on CA's data transfer policies and procedures, please
visit CA's Privacy (http://www.ca.com/privacy) and Data Transfers
(http://www.ca.com/data-transfers.aspx) webpages or contact CA before sharing
or providing any personal data. CA may collect, modify, and analyse meta data
and/or operations data that does not contain any Customer Data, such as system
log files and transaction counts that relate to system utilization and
performance statistics, all as deemed necessary by CA. CA may delete Customer
Data from the Product(s) for any reason and at any time without notice.

The Product is a pre-release version, and CA does not guarantee that a
commercially available release of the Product, if any, will be identical to the
pre-release version. LICENSEE AGREES THAT CA MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS OR SUITABILITY FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND THAT IN NO EVENT WILL CA BE
LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSS OR LIABILITY,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE, LOSS OR LIABILITY, TIME, MONEY OR GOODWILL WHICH MAY
ARISE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM OR RELATED TO LICENSEE'S OR ANY OTHER
PERSON'S USE OF THE PRODUCTS WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, FOR BREACH OF STATUTORY
DUTY OR OTHERWISE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. ALL MATERIALS PROVIDED BY CA
HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND CA PROVIDES NO SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENTS OR
WARRANTIES OF ANY NATURE. ANY DATA ENTERED OR CONFIGURATIONS OF THE PRODUCTS
DURING THE PRODUCT AVAILABILITY PERIOD MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE AFTER THE PRODUCT
AVAILABILITY PERIOD.

This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York.